links.md, before:

---
title: Very Important Links
permalink: /links/
layout: default
---

# Very important links

- [Zoom classroom](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/580193256?pwd=L28zUENjcUJ3dTJ3VFhvc0IzWitvQT09)
- [Zoom co-working room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/705824048?pwd=Zk55dFpXa09jNGcvS2UramRNRkxyZz09)
- [Class GitHub organization](https://github.com/momentum-team-2)
- [Clinton's Office Hours Zoom](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/9193609150): This Zoom has a waiting room, but Zoom does not announce your arrival to me. If you join the meeting, please ping me in our team Slack channel with an @Amy to let me know you are waiting. I may be with another student or staff member, but I'll get to you asap.
- [Clinton's Calendly](https://calendly.com/clintondreisbach/30min): Use this to schedule 1:1s with Clinton.

## Guidelines and other meta-documentation

- [Student guidelines](https://drive.google.com/open?id=17j7lH4BTArHwF9TMN9bzDO05REuXflpYCa8JnV1KDLI&authuser=1)
- [How we work remotely](https://github.com/momentumlearn/student-resources/blob/master/articles/working-remotely.md)
- [Team Two Group Agreement](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14Jngv-iflsO0h3wS84iNJfRe9BS3ZI358wGS_SiLS6I/edit?usp=sharing)

Commit message:

Update links and add schedule for Phase 4

links.md, after:

---
title: Very Important Links
permalink: /links/
layout: default
---

# Very important links

- [Zoom classroom -- UPDATED for Phase 4](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87136809846?pwd=VER0ejNkaWFUQURjQ0xRVTVVYlkrUT09)
- [Zoom co-working room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/705824048?pwd=Zk55dFpXa09jNGcvS2UramRNRkxyZz09)
- [Class GitHub organization](https://github.com/momentum-team-2)
- [Clinton's Office Hours Zoom](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/9193609150): This Zoom has a waiting room, but Zoom does not announce your arrival to me. If you join the meeting, please ping me in our team Slack channel with an @Amy to let me know you are waiting. I may be with another student or staff member, but I'll get to you asap.
- [Clinton's Calendly](https://calendly.com/clintondreisbach/30min): Use this to schedule 1:1s with Clinton.

## Guidelines and other meta-documentation

- [Student guidelines](https://drive.google.com/open?id=17j7lH4BTArHwF9TMN9bzDO05REuXflpYCa8JnV1KDLI&authuser=1)
- [How we work remotely](https://github.com/momentumlearn/student-resources/blob/master/articles/working-remotely.md)
- [Team Two Group Agreement](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14Jngv-iflsO0h3wS84iNJfRe9BS3ZI358wGS_SiLS6I/edit?usp=sharing)

## Phase 4 and Demo Presentations

* [Detailed schedule]({% link phase-4-schedule.md %})
